Adds a `testenv` command to spin up a testing environment (#227)
kanopi/drupal-starter: README.md

`release` | Creates a new release on GitHub and deploys it to Pantheon test environment.
`share` | Opens a proxy server to your local computer using ngrok.io.
`solr-create-core` | Called from `init` to create Solr core.

> `testenv` | Creates a new site similar to `init`, but with a local databse. Helpful for testing acnd contributing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`testenv` | Creates a new site similar to `init`, but with a local database. Helpful for testing and contributing.
```
